[13.0][ADD] account_move_reconcile_forbid_cancel (#473)
OCA/account-reconcile: account_move_reconcile_forbid_cancel/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--reconcile-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-reconcile/tree/13.0/account_move_reconcile_forbid_cancel
    :alt: OCA/account-reconcile
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-reconcile-13-0/account-reconcile-13-0-account_move_reconcile_forbid_cancel
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/98/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module extends the functionality of account invoicing to restrict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module restricts to cancel or reset to draft any invoice/journal entry that
has been reconciled (aka paid).
```

'reset to draft' or 'cancel' an invoice that has been reconciled.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > invoices*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Invoices*
```

> #. Edit an invoice that has a payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Access an invoice that has a payment.
```

> #. Click the 'Reset to Draft' button and you will get a validation error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Click on the 'Reset to Draft' button and you will get an error
```

   message to prevent you from resetting the invoice to draft state because

>    it already has an associated payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   it has already an associated payment.
```
